@ pritoms added a flag:
.. flag: this body of text requires translation into the language of superintegers and natives
.. the primary reference to the relavent context is the mid-side processing and encrypting identity mono


.. In atomic physics, a partial charge (or net atomic charge) is a non-integer charge value when measured in elementary charge units. It is represented by the Greek lowercase delta (𝛿), namely 𝛿− or 𝛿+.

Partial charges are created due to the asymmetric distribution of electrons in chemical bonds. For example, in a polar covalent bond like HCl, the shared electron oscillates between the bonded atoms. The resulting partial charges are a property only of zones within the distribution, and not the assemblage as a whole. For example, chemists often choose to look at a small space surrounding the nucleus of an atom: When an electrically neutral atom bonds chemically to another neutral atom that is more electronegative, its electrons are partially drawn away. This leaves the region about that atom's nucleus with a partial positive charge, and it creates a partial negative charge on the atom to which it is bonded.

Polarity of chloromethane (left)
and of the related Grignard compound
with indication of the partial charge.
In such a situation, the distributed charges taken as a group always carries a whole number of elementary charge units. Yet one can point to zones within the assemblage where less than a full charge resides, such as the area around an atom's nucleus. This is possible in part because particles are not like mathematical points—which must be either inside a zone or outside it—but are smeared out by the uncertainty principle of quantum mechanics. Because of this smearing effect, if one defines a sufficiently small zone, a fundamental particle may be both partly inside and partly outside it.



## Azimuth embedding, spherical networks

for line at path in tape point:
    a block where point in tape is emptyk
    a block is not a complete cycle yet
    head = tape(data)
    memory, interference = pointer(tape(head))

    write to disk the tape context
    write to tape the volume context

    block swallow forward


with open(master, line) as port:
    state = port.sample()
    x, y = state * value
    y, z = port(x), -value
    i = y * y.T + x * z
