A communication channel refers either to a physical transmission medium such as a wire, or to a logical connection over a multiplexed medium such as a radio channel in telecommunications and computer networking. A channel is used for information transfer of, for example, a digital bit stream, from one or several senders to one or several receivers. A channel has a certain capacity for transmitting information, often measured by its bandwidth in Hz or its data rate in bits per second.

In information theory, a channel refers to a theoretical channel model with certain error characteristics. In this more general view, a storage device is also a communication channel, which can be sent to (written) and received from (reading) and allows communication of an information signal across time.

## Example
Examples of communications channels include:

A connection between initiating and terminating communication endpoints of a telecommunication circuit.

A single path provided by a transmission medium via either physical separation, such as by multipair cable or separation, such as by frequency-division or time-division multiplexing.

A path for conveying electrical or electromagnetic signals, usually distinguished from other parallel paths.
A data storage device which can communicate a message over time.[1]

The portion of a storage medium, such as a track or band, that is accessible to a given reading or writing station or head.
A buffer from which messages can be put and got.

In a communications system, the physical or logical link that connects a data source to a data sink.

A specific radio frequency, pair or band of frequencies, usually named with a letter, number, or codeword, and often allocated by international agreement, for example:

Marine VHF radio uses some 88 channels in the VHF band for two-way FM voice communication. Channel 16, for example, is 156.800 MHz. In the US, seven additional channels, WX1 - WX7, are allocated for weather broadcasts.
Television channels such as North American TV Channel 2 at 55.25 MHz, Channel 13 at 211.25 MHz. Each channel is 6 MHz wide. This was based on the bandwidth required by analog television signals. Since 2006, television broadcasting has switched to digital modulation (digital television) which uses image compression to transmit a television signal in a much smaller bandwidth, so each of these physical channels has been divided into multiple virtual channels each carrying a DTV channel.

Original Wi-Fi uses 13 channels in the ISM bands from 2412 MHz to 2484 MHz in 5 MHz steps.

The radio channel between an amateur radio repeater and a amateur radio operator uses two frequencies often 600 kHz (0.6 MHz) apart. For example, a repeater that transmits on 146.94 MHz typically listens for a ham transmitting on 146.34 MHz.

All of these communication channels share the property that they transfer information. The information is carried through the channel by a signal.
